# The password is 'parliament'!!!!

How I ([NoGUI/evaryont](http://evaryont.me)) brute forced it:

Vim can be scripted. Specifically, it can be fed in arbitrary vim script via
it's `-s FILE` parameter.

This brute-forcer is 3 parts:

- **./solver.rb**: Generates a vim script file that attempts to decode the file
  with a specific string. The string source is a dictionary file -- the
  wamerican-small dictionary from debian.

  Each file is in this pattern:

      #{word}^M:set key=^M:saveas #{word}.at^M:q^M

  Where '#{word}' is substituted with the actual word and '^M' is an actual
  enter (Ctrl-V Enter) embedded in the file. So what the script does is type the
  password, hit enter, disable the key (otherwise vim will re-encrypt when it
  saves), then save the file called word.at (the '.at' is meaningless, just
  short hand for attempt) and finally quit vim.

- **for i in \*.vim; do vim -s $i ../dogecrypt-b36f587051faafc444417eb10dd47b0f30a52a0b; done**: A quick shell for loop
  that calls vim for each script generated by solver.rb, executing the script.

  This takes a *LONG* time! It's not at all efficient. But it works. And I
  didn't want to code in C. Shell script!

- **./ascii_chars.rb**: This is much quicker! Reads each of the .at files
  generated by the vim processes and looks for any non-ASCII chars &
  non-printables. If there any, skip that file and move on to the next. Prints
  the path to any files that are only ASCII/printable characters.

  Turns out, there's only one file that's like that. What else did you expect?
